This is a head-gum original.
Music
Just got off the phone with the unemployment office.
Yeah, you were gone a while.
Yeah, it was, uh, I hope you didn't hear that because I wasn't super kind to them.
Yeah, you were really mean.
Yeah, well, you know what, they're not helping me get another job at a different podcast network.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Maybe you should, you famously have not done very well at this podcast network.
That's only socially and with work.
Yeah, okay. So there's like the two big things.
Like, there's also a special project, which they never get through me alone.
I never got to do anything on my own.
Right, I think it's because they don't trust you.
Why? Cause I don't have follow through.
Yeah, you seem to know every issue you have.
Well, they, I did an exit interview and they told me all this.
So I'm just spouting their talking points.
I'm surprised the exit interview wasn't an episode of this podcast.
I feel like you would have tried to make that content.
They were very clear that this show is over.
So now I'm trying to do it on our own.
So we're here in our living room.
Yeah.
But you know what? It's sort of freeing to me.
Because we can do whatever we want.
Yeah, I felt like you were doing whatever you wanted before.
And that was a little of the problem.
Really? Yeah. That's true.
So what would you have suggested I'd done?
Um, I guess like prepared the show like come up with a segment that wasn't just like,
what's this or that or a segment that was just you going through a power point
with the like expectation that the guests sort of like trying
to guess where you're like very illogical.
I know if thought could have ever gone.
Yeah, I should have tried that.
Um, I think like as far as like anything you want to do.
Yeah. Like why do you want to keep doing this podcast anyway?
Because I don't have anything else.
You have anything else.
I don't have a cat.
Okay. That's one thing.
I guess I meant like hobbies like you've friends.
Like you don't have to do this, especially you're fine.
Yeah, but you're gone all day because you have a job.
Yeah.
I'm sitting at home.
All I did was prepare this episode.
Okay. Why'd you prepare?
We'll get to it.
We have 45 minutes to fill.
All right. We can do whatever we want.
I have probably 20 minutes of segments.
Uh, I think, okay.
And that's what I want to flag.
I think if you have acknowledged your 45 minutes to fill
and knowingly are only attempting to fill less than half of that.
Well, the rest is supposed to be jovial conversation.
What have you been up to?
What have I been up to?
You think it's never been co-jovial conversation on the show?
What about bond of the week?
Yeah.
Hey, that's famously never a conversation.
Are you using this as a...
What is your bond of the week?
Uh, I've never gotten to do bond of the week.
So this is really exciting.
This is actually kind of exciting.
Do you have anybody in mind?
Basically, and whether the show is on headgum or not,
but every week until the next 007 is cast,
we're going to cast our vote for the next.
Of who James Bond should be?
You can also, if you want cast side characters,
some people have lobbed up villains,
but I'm really excited about my pick.
Let's do yours.
Okay, guys.
So you seem like you just want to say your thing.
No, I want to hear yours as well.
I'm giving you the floor first.
Uh, okay.
Uh, I have the top of my head,
and I think it's just because this is being spring on me.
And I, it's the first celebrity that came to my mind.
Max versus stopping.
The F1 driver?
Yeah.
Well, he's like 26, which feels like a good age to be just.
Yeah, he's not British.
Oh, I forgot that's a rule.
We did, I mean, I don't follow that to a team.
Yeah, who's the person you're saying?
Are they British?
Uh, the person that I was going to say was Chris Colfer.
Who's Chris Colfer?
Chris Colfer from Glee.
Which I didn't watch Glee.
You don't know about Glee?
I know about Glee.
Ah.
You must not know, oh fuck.
Hehehe.
You know what?
I was going to do it again.
I was going to do, I was going to do Chris Colfer,
and then I realized I changed it.
Who?
What?
Give me the inside baseball.
Because I don't know what happened
and where you went wrong.
It seems like you just bitted yourself in your mind.
This whole show is one big hat on a hat.
I can't tell anybody to ever listen to this if I'm on an episode
because none of it makes sense.
You just take two layers upon layers of jokes
that are total in jokes that I barely understand.
I didn't even do it.
It'll make sense if I tell you my actual bond of the weekends.
Who's your actual bond of the week?
Anyone of Sami descent.
I know I'm being tricked.
Sami people created skiing.
If that clears it up for you at all.
Yeah, okay.
If you made it skiing.
I'm familiar with skiing.
What would you say to those who don't know about skis?
I guess I'd say you don't know about ski.
You must not know about skis.
They're used for getting down a mountain quickly.
Sometimes you can drink a shot of whiskey.
Off them you must not know about skis.
You must not know about skis.
There's a financial barrier to entry.
So don't you ever for a second get to thinking.
They're not for the wealthy.
I thought you were going to say you must not know Sami.
That would have also Sami people.
Yeah.
And so I was because I'm not familiar with the Sami people.
I was afraid to ask because I didn't want it to you up.
Right.
And then I wish I did because I wish you weren't prepared.
That's all.
Yeah.
Thank you for making this by the way.
I'm drinking a lot.
Oh, like because you're unemployed.
Yeah.
That's okay.
Do you still get out revenue from this even in doing it in secret?
I never got out revenue from this.
That's actually some inside baseball.
I got paid a fee.
Oh, I got paid a fee.
You're doing this for free right now.
Ideally for a fee.
I'm still going to send my invoice.
Okay.
Well, you've been fired for two weeks.
Yeah.
What happened last week?
Last week.
They gave me severance a little bit.
I'll give you one week of severance.
I feel you've been there in this for what feels like a hundred years.
Well, they gave me four weeks of Apple TV plus.
So I got severance for.
That's essentially the next three weeks.
We're.
That's horrible.
That's like not good.
I was a contractor.
I've always been a 10 99.
Also four weeks of Apple TV plus is like the free trial.
Insult to injury.
They didn't even spend any money on my severance package.
By the way, I don't like severance.
The show.
Yeah.
Oh, that's the joke you're about to do.
Yes.
I.
How do you like being the only guest on this show?
So much work.
So I thought it'd be better.
Yes.
There's something about this that feels like.
I think especially because I haven't talked to you.
It's like, I don't know.
I was like, this will be easy.
And then something about this is like because we haven't talked.
But like, like aside from like half conversation while we were setting up.
It's like we are now in this elevated bit mindset.
I know I'm being like making such a meta commentary on this show.
But I think I just want to get across my struggle.
That was easy.
Um.
Oh, my.
Oh, I think it's hard because all my energy is pointed at you.
Yeah.
It's certainly energy at me.
That's not way.
This isn't a collaborative environment.
No.
It isn't.
Um.
That was our bond of the week.
This isn't really a segment when we're talking point that you might enjoy a little bit more.
Okay.
Let's talk about dating in LA.
I mean, people on the internet love hearing about dating in LA.
Did you not get to do this on the like the show?
Probably.
Like it feels like you're like you start off with this whole thesis.
Like you want to do things you haven't done on the show before.
Yeah.
But some some are staples talking about dating in LA with young single people is something I'm interested in.
Have you have this ever come up on the show?
Yes.
It started with Sally Doug Griffin.
Okay.
And then it became dating in New York.
I'm asking Mariko what was what in terms of being young single,
flirty and thriving.
Yeah.
For lack of a better term.
Jackson Heights Queens.
Oh yeah.
And then lack of a better job.
And then I assess Lee and Lucy who are dating two people that we know.
And now I'm asking you.
So it's been four weeks.
Um, I feel like I'm a bad person to ask because dating has been exceptionally easy for me.
I feel like you're the best person to ask because you've had a wild ride the past year.
It's been a ride.
Yeah. It's been a little weird.
Um, I think, you know, I, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, in June.
Like, a last year I got out of a, um, very long.
No, that sounds like I, I don't know this feels like very hard to talk about, not in a bad way.
Yeah. You don't have to start there.
Yeah.
You left a long term relationship.
I left a five and a half year relationship and then, uh,
Uh, you know, a lot of people could say too quickly, jump into your dating scene and so if anything I am like I'm at a stage where I'm really trying to like focus on myself and like that growth. Yeah, it's so you're dating yourself in LA.
Yeah, but also still dating in LA. It's I don't know. It's I'm not I don't that's the hard thing. I'm not in a place. This is very innocent. I'm not in a place where I think I can like
Actively speak on or like digest dating on LA because it feels like something I'm like fairly passive to go down to say like
I'm not actively making decisions in it. I just feel like
It feels very amorphous because the transition into it has been very fast who and I'm figuring it out like truly minute to minute
But would you say that that's the landscape of dating in LA Los Angeles. I think it's
I don't know. I'd hate to make an umbrella statement. I'd hate to say it was all like this is just me. I feel like every internet comedian or TikTok or
That's the point is to make umbrella statements about dating in LA. Yeah, I'm like dating in LA is like hard because of this one thing
I'm like not really it's actually like 40 different things. Yeah, it's incredibly nuanced. It's like when people on TikTok are like
Well, this is specifically what my therapist said. It was like you are aware that like your therapist is giving advice based on weeks upon weeks
I'm founding information about you like it is so specific you really can't like
Advice is a different thing right?
Like when they're like
Versus this is therapy for everyone. Yeah, exactly
It's a totally different animal. So I don't know. I
Yeah, I think it's funny like all internet comedians who do this is like yeah, I guess maybe I'm not that like no
That's not your brand at all. That's I think also what it's fun to talk about. Yeah, it's also
I'm always like like say when a stand-up talks about dating and they're like oh, I went on this horrible date or like
I had sex with this person and it was weird. I just did a stand-up bit about one specific date you went on that was horrible
Oh
Which uh the field my feelings yeah, but that was the date itself was not horrible
It should just tell the story tell the story used a different name because this is going out to more people
Yeah, this is so much harder
Okay, so I
I got you on field. Yeah Jeffrey a king out Jeffrey convinced me to join field a king gap which is a
Anaphyde decided I don't like I'm not on the apps at all
I feel like I
Here's another thing I'll say and I'm gonna derail it and also make another meta commentary about the podcast
Yeah, I've only ever been on this podcast and a zoom format. Yeah
So I don't know if I should address the camera like this feeling address the camera. Yeah, it feels weird like I'm shooting it feels like we're making a
A girl defined block
Like where those two like we were those like Christian influencers
I I like to think about it just as like it's an early. It's like it is a podcast. This is what a video podcast looked like in 2013
Yeah, I guess anyway, but back to dating in LA for a second
You were just talking about how you were kind of plopped into the dating scene very fast
So let's do this. I think this will be helpful for everybody listening
Between
You're fully listening
And who else was there
This is getting cut out right but no, no, we'll we'll we'll bleep all of this but rank them for sure. Yeah, okay
This is
Yeah, this feels horrible. Let's do physical attraction first. Well, I think part of the thing is yeah, this feels
Okay physical attraction. Yeah, no, this is terrible. No, it's not how everything will be censored
This is between you and me, but it's fun to see your reaction
Okay, I don't think it's right to rank women. Of course
We're not bringing women we're ranking people that you've dated
Who all have to be women
I could do you said physically yeah rank is okay
People you've dated in the last year rank them physically. Well, that's that's a little crass
You just said that
Let's do this three compliments each for the three people I listed three compliments
Specific to them the best part about them. Okay three compliments for each
Okay
I would say
I
I think both
Have the same quality of like you can bring them to any event. Yeah, and yeah, and it's like I don't have to worry about them
Sure, like very
operable and independent. This feels horrible. I hate this so much. Let's move on
I'm gonna beat that
This is this is a conversation. I'm happy to have with you in practice. I just like
Inflation is a thing that isn't going anywhere
I guess the way of up, but we we have to talk about it. We have to
Inflation is the highest level. It's been in four decades
But how you experience inflation can vary greatly. Okay, you know depending on
What you eat how much you travel
Your other spending habits, et cetera, so I the New York Times created this
Basically quiz
And I wanted to see if we could calculate your rate of inflation
It just which is just good. Like how so like how much more
Like by a percent I spending pre-year. Correct. Okay
So the first question is did you buy a car in the past year
Your options are I buy it on new car about a use car. I bought a new and a use car and I didn't buy it. I didn't buy it. All right here we go
You're at 7.6% at this point. How much does it do you not buy a car?
Inflation stuff how how much do you drive in a week?
At least 400 miles between 150 and 400 miles or less than 450 or you have an EV
Is this something I should count like as a grown-up. I should track my miles like the
The guidance I had to guess you don't drive more than 150 because you live kind of close to work. Okay, you know week. Yeah, I think I drive a lot
There's I you have it. There's no way it's a because if you go from one side of LA to the next that's like 25 miles
Yeah, and it's so they're in bags like five it's not that I do that every day. I guess but like I think
Like sometimes I feel like when I'm in the car it's been forever find do less than 150 miles
We could do a between 115 four. Yeah, let's hedge up like I want my percentage to be kind of high
Okay, how much do you drive a baller? I travel three three or more trips here. There you go
That was a big jump. Are you they're gonna see this graph that you're yes there and then are you vegetarian?
I'm like flexitarian. Okay, so note nothing. All right, I know, but I feel like it's a little bit of a great in oh
Do you heat your home with oil? No, thanks
I think we do do you hear with oil? Yeah, okay, because we have the LA so Cal Gas
And then how often do you eat out? Several days of the week or one or two?
We'll say one to two
Do you pay for school
I do not pay for school. I'm a working guy
You're rate of inflation is 11.7 percent and I have no metric for weather. That's a lot
Don't know what you do it. I
Already did mine earlier, so I have screenshots
The average inflation is 8.5 so yours is high
Wait, do you want to get no what would you change? I can adjust any of them
Let's let make me a vegetarian okay, let's say you're a vegetarian who drives a little less
Uh 11.6 so the fuck wait, I feel like okay, here's where I got fucked
But I keep my home with oil
Which you also don't have a choice. I have a choice. We scrub was the first thing we said
You said that you didn't buy a car, which you do you want to change that? No, I'm gonna feel like that's a trip
That sucks so much. All right, well yours was 11.6
Let's see what mine was
So average US inflation is 8.5 percent the first question is did you buy a
car new or used in the past year
for me I
Actually entered an omaze sweepstakes and lost a forced Ford Bronco V8
So um you had different answers than I had well mine was a filled in the blanket and they changed it to a drop-down
Because you can only assume I was one of many people who took some liberties, but yeah
I entered an omaze sweepstakes and lost um but it was the sick like souped up V8
It was a Velociraptor with like a racing straight we what do you mean you sorry that sounds like a disgusting car
What no
This you entered a sweepstakes what did you do
What is happening to you just did you just not like burgers in there
What happened what was your question?
How does the sweepstakes work you you can enter a certain number times for free I ended up paying $50 to get I think
1500 entries um and I lost
Okay, so you didn't the question the first question being did you buy a car you didn't like the loser car you lost the sweepstakes
I didn't lose a car. I didn't get a car because I'll enter it and lost a sweepstakes
So the your answer in the drop-down menu is I didn't buy a car again. It was a type in your own answer
I don't know if they were beta testing it, but I said I lost a Ford Bronco in a sweepstakes
How it's okay, what I will say is that's incredibly sophisticated AI for the New York Times
I understand they're like one of the world's largest publications, but I use a roommate dog pretzel
Hello pretzel you know it's funny when we talked about doing this in the living room
I was thinking oh I wonder when pretzel comes in who she's gonna go to and I had a nightmare scenario
Where should go to you enough? Well, she's making the rounds
So anyway, sure we continue. Yeah, keep going. I know you clearly have some funny jokes in here that you wrote in
So the second one was that the question is how how much do you drive and I say I well I'm in the driver seat
So to speak sexually so what I'll often do is instead of driving somewhere. I'll drive someone
That yeah, I get what you're saying
But when you say I drive someone it's still sounds like you're driving
I get you're making a sex thing. It still sounds like you're just in a car
Good note good note
How did it know how did it know what to like go to you know like how did when the charts
Swings like when you heat your home with oil
How did it know to only go a little bit because you'd drive someone sexually?
It's I think it's powered by Watson. I don't know what else to say. I what also powered by Watson and saying
Like any sort of like any sort of sexual inner well
I don't I was gonna say any sexual action is free and I know sex work is I'm right
I'm not gonna pontificate on this. Yeah
Regular I don't want to make it a assumption about your sexual lifestyle
And then they ask how often you travel and the question the answer is I can't why?
Because of some airport mishaps what are I and I fear that the airport
Mishaps or what would you do I guess? Well, I made a joke about concealing a pipe bomb
But I was really just talking about my really really bad gas at the time
You
All of these are like you're saying things it's just another cluster of words to make it sound worse and putting in your
level of work in arrow. I also edited a plane ticket to say that I was TSA please check
So it was basically that I was like a person of interest in terms of like a why did you do that?
Would you game from being a TSA please check? I don't usually they have a sense of humor depending on which airport you're in like at LX
They're usually like you know joking with me a little bit what airport caught you it was burbank
I guess because there's like they may have more attention to detail because there's less people
Yeah, I guess I want to go back to you said you had a pipe bomb because you had gas
Yeah, I mean flying it just there's it does a number on the body. Yeah, you committed a minor form of domestic terrorism because you had a fart
That's one way to put it but
Honestly, it took my inflation rate down so it all ends up being worth it in the end
Yeah, I guess and that um and then it asks
If you're vegetarian or not, I only eat sides
So stuff like corn off the cob tomato grotto and red bean casserole right okay
As a I said I was flexitarian earlier, which is sort of a meat on the side situation does that mean
You like if presented on the side and if the side we're big enough you eat it
I guess that now we're getting a new conversation of what constitute a side because you can definitely have meat in a side
Right exactly like steak tartar. I would say that's an app. Yeah. No, I think you're right
Okay, wait, what's chips and guac side or app? I
That's one of the things that's in the middle of the van. I think okay because there's that'll often be
What's that? I was I think
Sorry you're singing. Yeah, she's saying it's in the middle of the I don't know what that is
Again, I think they were beta testing because I just got this weird computer character
So at least you know your answer even though it's a little bit above the average. Sure, okay
Sure
We have to move on
This song's a lot
It's a little too long probably
It's just hard to edit them down because you have to download the sound edited and like premiere
Export the wave and then upload that too. Okay. This podcast is sponsored by better help online therapy
Guys life can be overwhelming right and so many people are burned out without even knowing it
Symptoms can include mode lack of motivation feeling helpless or trapped detachment fatigue and more
We associate burnout with work, but that's not the only cause right any of our roles in life can lead us to feel burnt out
And better help online therapy wants to remind you to prioritize yourself
By talking to somebody who can help you figure out what's causing stress in your life
I've definitely felt burnt out before
When work gets a little much when you have deadlines to hit when a break is coming up in your work is project based
Right, I can go insane. I can feel burnt out
But I'm in therapy every week. It helps me be a better version of myself. I really think everybody who can should be in therapy
Sorry, I was just
Yeah
I started to get a little burnt out and even just doing this ad. I'm gonna go call my therapist
But that's also where better help can help you find a therapist because better help is customized online therapy
That offers video phone and even live chat sessions with your therapist so you don't have to see anyone on camera
If you don't want to it's also much more affordable than in-person therapy and you can be matched with the therapist in under 48 hours
The headgon podcast is sponsored by better help and listeners of the show get 10% off their first month at better help.com slash
What's that again? That's better help
BE T T E R H E L P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks better help. Yeah
Um, I thought it'd be fun since we can do whatever we want to do our own little like Vogue 73 questions. Sure
I look and see if we can do whatever we want and still talking about inflation
I think this stuff is interesting. I've tried to make this show a little bit more digestible a little more high
brow by talking about current events and last week we talked about how former president Barack Obama
thinks there needs to be more regulation around tech
Okay, this one's a little bit more fun. All right, if you didn't like inflation let's do 73 questions. Okay. Yeah. What's your favorite movie?
My favorite movie is
Leo from five to seven. Is that an indie movie? No, it's like a French film at the risk of the song. Can I say over the gunwall?
Yeah, okay over the gunwall. Okay. I'm not taking the movie, but favorite movie in the past five years
They're moving the past 20 years again. The year is a 2022 which goes all the way back to 2017. Yeah
I love the Lego Batman movie really. I really love it. I think it there's more praise
I don't know where yours. What are your kinks by the way? I've never talked about this praise.
Well, you answer the question and then that can be the next my favorite movie is the Big Lebowski my favorite
movie in the last five years is probably
God I've hated a lot of the movies I've seen
I liked cats you liked cats. I had a fun experience going to watch cats, but now what's the
There was oh, you know what Spencer was kind of good. Okay, I'm sure Kristen Stewart's really good in it. Oh, I might have
meant my entire parasite. But I mean in parasites. That feels basic. I
Don't watch a lot of movies so like any of the movies that I watch her because I had to to be part of the
cultural conversation so any thing that I picked from the last five years is not going to be interesting. You watch Spencer because we're all talking about it
I watched it with my parents. Okay
Favorite move you want to gloss over kinks and you were about to read favorite movie again favorite Marvel film
Marvel film yeah
I like a Ragnarock feels basic to say, but I think that's a very fun one and then also
I thought civil war was fun when I saw it. I don't think it holds up. Yeah
I haven't seen multiverse of madness. I might see it afterward on recording if you want to go
I have to edit this and get it to fairs. Oh, okay
What do you know and I liked
Into the Spideyverse that's funny. It's not like Marvel licensed Marvel licensed yeah
Yeah, I guess yeah better answer than my dumb thing
I should see Thor Ragnarock because I've heard it's funny. That's fun. Yeah, I don't know you you might I don't think you need that much context to see it either
Um a movie you've read
Movie of red. Okay, this has a movie you read in school that positively shaped you. Why don't we say a book you read in school that positively?
Yeah, why don't we
I don't know if this positively shaped me. It's certainly the book I've been thinking a lot about
Bible
By I think it's called House of the Scorpion and it's about a kid who grows up on this plantation
Everybody's on opium and they're making a lot of them
Which I believe is opium water and
It's he's like not allowed to hang out with other kids because it's revealed he's like the clone of the plantation owner
Who basically when the plantation over owner dies he becomes like a person and then he finds all this out and starts to take it down
They're like well, they're we're gonna kill him because we have plenty of other little clone babies to take over the plantation
I think it's called House of Scorpion
I read Hollywood by Cherk by Bukowski when I was in like when I was like a freshman in high school
I feel like it's you went to an all-boys private school and I feel like it's so dangerous to give a like freshman in all boys private school
Boot Kowski
They didn't give it to me. That was like you wanted to stick you fought for it. Yes, and that was the book that
I read and was like I'm never gonna be an alcoholic
Okay, and that's just positive shaped me which that was also my misconception that alcoholism isn't a mental illness
I also forgot that the the copy of the question was positively shaped you. That's okay. We have
68 more. That's okay. All right rapid fire the next five. Wait. Okay, and just a flag sorry you said
We wouldn't you like you had 20 minutes prepared sure. This is easily third
72 questions. We could have just done this
We didn't have to talk about dating in LA or inflation how I only with this in your pocket
We could have done this. I could have milk this for 45 minutes. Okay, well, we have at most an hour
Okay, so we could do three to 18 more minutes. All right
Let's do rapid fire the next five favorite TV show that's currently on go
Decilling you to the finale air
um, yeah
Okay
Killing you or I don't I really love I think you should leave yeah picked up for season three although you already knew that
I already knew that register some stones. Yeah, um, is a good one
I'll say what we do in the shadows. Oh, yeah, um on a scale of one to ten how excited are you about life right now
scale of one to ten six
Probably eight for me. That's pretty good. Wait, you're gonna eat but you're fired. You're too
I'm an optimist. It's gotta look up to somehow sure. I'm hoping this episode at least gets my foot in the
What do you mean for the door you're making this with like unpoliced anyway? This you can
If you're doing it now you can always do it. Yeah, but I do I mean I want it to be what it was
I want to be in studio. I want to have whoever I want on I want a mirror to come back
I want Marie gonna come back so you want a mirror Marie and Jake to listen this episode
This episode right now
Where the first half was me fumbling over because I was too nervous to really break down my dating over the past year
because it felt too personal
That's like this whole awkward jibber jabber. I gave for most of the time you think that's gonna sell them to bring this back
I'm not a good podcast guest. I just live in your house. I don't know
I don't know where else to do this. This is like the closest we could get to the Hedgum studio
We're both on chairs and couches and it looks kind of nice. It does look nice. Yeah, we're gonna
Great light press thing in let's let's do this
It's a song or apple apple unfortunately Twitter or Instagram
They're both bad, but I guess I'm using Instagram more than I'm using Twitter and I'm not really using either
You also rebranded your food Instagram. Do you want to plug it now? Yes. I rebranded from
Secret George Sava to food George Sava. I think food George Sava. I think it makes
I think I want to rebrand my regular Instagram to be more like a normal man George Sava. I don't even mean that to be a man George thing
I was gonna make it like RIP George Sava, but that's good or I might leave it as secret
But I want to rebrand it as well. You don't even need to answer this next one. It was supposed to be who should everyone be following right now
And I would say out food George Sava. Yeah, wait. Can I use it? Oh, this is great. What's your favorite food? Oh?
Oh
lately, what am I even thinking about lately? I mean the mushroom on the dip. I do love love
I've been making Sylvia a lot lately. I
Miss spoke. What's the the opium water? Oh lot of not a lot of not a lot of not is
Saved out Greek yogurt. So it's actually thick, but I was like yeah, I've kind of I've been making Sylvia
Which is turkish eggs a lot lately
That's cool just sort of living off it, but I'm gonna do a mid episode plug because this will come out this Friday
You made mid episode like it's in the middle of the episode or it's gonna be you're plugging it like a kind of mid episode
It's having the mid
I'm plugging in the middle of the this episode
I was looking back friends a little
This will come out the 13th
Yeah, okay
You can still put in orders if you live in Los Angeles for Virginia moss that's Virginia like the state moss like the growth
Underscore it's a place you can eat mine in Sierraland and food and drink our drinks
This particular pop up you would pick up your food on Sunday, May 15th
And it's our take on like fast food and stuff and it's nice Cuban
Yeah, it's a Cuban smash burgers. We got some fried okra. We had some dirty martini jello shots
It's sort of like absolutely love the upstairs downstairs of it all. Yeah, it's really it's gonna be exciting
And then we'll be close we
It's all all day Friday, so Midnight for Saturday is when we'll stop taking orders. Oh, I thought it was gonna be on Sunday
It is on Sunday, but if you're taking orders
Yeah, we're taking orders and then you come pick it up and you'll pick it up as long as you have an order
You'll do it whenever
All right, we got to get through a lot of these
This is truly rapid fire
One to five word answers, okay, least favorite food bugs
Rubber fire. What do you love on your pizza?
Cheese and sauce and other ingredients favorite drink
I was gonna say soda. That's not true. I love a classic duck or a favorite dessert
Tiermasu chocolate bars or ice cream ice cream coffee or tea tea. What's the hardest part about being a student?
Oh, more what's your favorite band?
I was guessing the strokes. I don't think that's true
Right now, I love cheek face. I've seen them twice and like the past couple months favorite solo artist
Which city dish?
Favorite song favorite song in general all blank sign
If you can sing a duet with anybody who would it be for an exonotrol if you could make if you could master one instrument
What would it be the piano if you had a tattoo what would it be?
I think it would say all blank sign to be or not to be that is I would not be dogs or cats
Cats bird watching bird watching or will watching
Will watching I guess this gift you've ever received
advice best gift you've ever given
I got a really good gift for my boss for his birthday last week, but I decided it was too good of a gift
So I decided not to give it to him. I'm gonna save it for the holiday. You're an idiot
I didn't get it. Well, I made him like I make him a cocktail every Friday. Yeah, it's sort of a fun little thing
It sounds fun. It sounds like I'm making my boss a cocktail. I'm ready. Yeah, but it is it's fun. I like it
But it's a
I the actual gift was he loves Tennessee loves around her fetters. I got him a runner better assigned tennis ball
That's made. Oh for the holidays for his birthday is just like a nice little like
If you're that way you're a good boss gift because you just like keep it on his desk and like it has like value
But I decided it was too good of a gift because I feel like an easy gift to give your boss as always booze and so I'm just gonna wait it out
Last gift you gave a friend
last gift I gave a friend
um
I'm sure I gave some oh I brought back like cheese from Italy for a Sarah Linden. What's your favorite game?
My favorite game. Holy oh you answer that probably
pool. I love pool. I'll say pool too. What's your favorite place to visit?
Right now it's been it. Yeah
What's the last place you visited?
Charleston South Carolina, which is also another place I lived with it. What country do you wish you could visit?
Again, or yeah, but I'm gonna say Japan. I think I'd love Japan. What's your favorite color?
I love a four like I love earth tone so I'll go say green like this couch.
Please favorite color. I don't know like a two harsh of a red
Shoes are shirts shoes or I guess shirts because I've been buying a lot of Japan away
But I'm in the market for a good pair of like close to a beach shoes like a beach lover beach party or romantic dinner
Those are so different. I guess romantic dinner, but I like both things beach party maybe also
jogging aerobic exercise. What was the first one?
jogging or aerobic exercise? Is it jogging an aerobic exercise?
Yeah, I guess jogging road trip or cruise road trip. If you had one super power what would it be?
Invisible what's the weirdest word in the English language? I'm gonna change my other one to teleporting. I think I'd be on time
That's gonna be your answer to that one. What's your favorite flower? I love a morning glory
When was the last time you cried?
Oh, I was talking about this last night. I sort of tear up every time I talk about I'm gonna do another plug
I'm very proud of my youngest sister Margo. She has a girl George. Yeah, her thing is girl George. The girl and G or G. Yes, like my name
She didn't name it after me. It's very sweet. She has an album coming out June 20. You can buy her merch and you can pre-order it
Do you like your own handwriting? No, I used to sometimes I think it's good when I'm writing something
I look at it on the whole page like that was bad, but let it alitter sometimes I like it. Do you cook all the time?
What is your least favorite thing about yourself?
I've been having trouble putting down boundaries lately, but it's always always I feel like you and I always struggle with
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's the boundaries thing and putting myself first while still showing I care about others
at Romda says that by helping you you help me
Is this like specific to us? So you're making an umbrella statement on no Romda says that about everybody who's Romda
He's like a spiritual you don't know Romda
You must not know about DOS
He's dead it under the Maharishi, but you must know that's really I don't know who they are also
Forget it. What's your most favorite thing by yourself? My most favorite thing by yourself
I think I can learn things very very quick. What are you listening to right now? What are my listening to right now music wise my discover weekly
Favorite smell
First by cookies. What's that first big cookies like when they fill out house that this is probably mine
It's the Maison Louis Marie number four. It's nice. It's like the most affordable sandal wood candle that doesn't smell like
I spilled a candle in my car and I haven't cleaned up the wax. It's still in there
But when the it gets hot out it makes the car smell good. So I kind of like
That
Who was the last person you talked to on the phone?
Because last person my boss that was me. Oh, yeah, I did call you. I called you. Yeah
Who's the last person you sent a text to you
A sport you wish you could play
I
Wish I could oh fuck. I feel you and I can do it all baby cool staircase
Hey, I think I want to bleach my hair
sunglasses. That's the question. I don't own sunglasses, but I like that
I think it's just hard to find the pair for you scary film or happy endings. I like both
I think they meant the TV show
Oh, so as Carrie film or the show happy ending. Yes, I maintain I like both. Okay, favorite season
I like spring right now. I think they were talking about the show
Oh, favorite show of happy ending. Every season of happy endings. Yeah, I think it only lasted three. Yeah, I think it was good
Three people alive or dead that you'd like to have dinner with. I don't know skip it
Prom-dash the Maharishi and then pick one of the three women
Well, the saw me people. Oh, that's really good. Hugs or kisses. I know the sensor. Yes, it's baby lady Gaga or Katy Perry
Lady Gaga where were you born? Since an idea. Hi, oh, what is the furthest you've been from home?
Sweet cakes
Sweet cakes are savory buns
Yeah, I guess I guess sweet cakes, but I like both
lipstick or lip gloss
Gloss stick fuck. I don't know. This feels like one of those things I'll get canceled for what I've been
You read again and again the Bible house of the scorpion now
What can we read again again? I don't know. I'm hung up on the lipstick lip gloss one because I feel like if I say gloss
We're like gloss and if I say stick those I stick I don't know I don't know enough about the lip
Hey, we're bedtime story. This one will be easier
I'm gonna say good I move, but that's not true. I like quarter right. Oh, you know what I like that book that makes me really sad
I love you forever
I think it's what's called right in the pictures the baby by the toilet. I don't know if I ever read that one. It's real
It's like heart wrenching. It's hard because like you don't have to read the classics like you have to read what you like sure
It bedtime story is different than a children's book though, and okay. That's true. What would be the title of your autobiography?
He did it again
Favorite sound
Favorite animal
I'm a bear, but that's not true. Who's your crush?
Jody Comer last photograph you took. I think it does a screenshot count. Oh, yeah. It's a picture of a bath
Kind of see it
Joe
Do we make it through all of us?
We did
We made it through another episode of the headgump podcast where live and well I thought this was really good
The podcast with that kind of sentence if you think this is a pleasurable experience for all
Don't be like we made it through
Which you're right. We did make it through. I think by the skin of our tea
But like that shit you're showing your hand that you know this is hard. I think this was a fun episode
I had fun with it. I know the edited version's gonna be great
He had a version's gonna be mostly cutting out all these women's names
There people you dated and they're all great people and I love all of them
All right, no, I thought this was fun. I think people are gonna like it
I think that this is gonna be a good print to send to
At the very least Marika
Yeah, I think of the very least Marika. Thank you guys so much for listening to this episode of the headgump podcast
That's the name of it. So how can it exist without headgump so bring me back?
And we'll see you guys again next week. You could follow George on Instagram at food George soba on Twitter at George soba
Right, yeah, and then you can follow me at Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff Boyardian Twitter
We'll see you guys again next week a river to actually know that's does folks
That's rom does folks
For that
That was a headgump original
You